Welcome to my login system tutorial :)

FIRSTLY,
I have asked my subscribers, and majority doesn't want CSS to be explained in my videos because this isn't a CSS tutorial, therefore all my lesson files are available on my Patreon, including the CSS styling.

My goal is for this video to be the easiest tutorial on YouTube, on how to create a login system and a user profile system. It is for people who are new to PHP and are just getting started learning how to build PHP applications.

This video is NOT a video that shows you how to create a fully pollished login system which you can add to your websites. It IS however excellent for teaching you how to use PHP to build the foundation to a good login system that can be improved upon.

SECURITY
PHP is a back-end programming language, therefore security is a topic that I often get asked about. We will be making this login system using prepared statements and error handlers, which is the basis when it comes to user input. Other types of security is a whole other tutorial in itself, so it will not be covered. But what you can do is to learn what other types of security there is, and apply it to what you learn in this video.

I GET AN ERROR!
Something can always go wrong, and it happens to even the best of us. Here is a list of potential errors I see some of my viewers get and what they could mean...

- "My PHP code only appear as text in my browser"
You forgot to turn on XAMPP (or whichever software you are using), or you didn't open your website through "localhost". This isn't an HTML site so we no longer just "drag and drop" our files into the browser to view them :)

- Undefined function
You either spelled a function name wrong, or you aren't using the latest version of PHP.

- Unexpected (something) on line (something)
You forgot to close a line of code with a semicolon ";", or you left out a curly bracket "}" somewhere in your code. Basically... YOU made an error. ..."But I have double checked my code and it's the same as yours"... No, you made an error and you haven't found it yet :)